apps/docs/src/routes/docs/introduction/getting-started.mdx, before:

import { Callout } from "~/components/callout";

# Getting started

## Installation

Install Hope UI dependencies by running either of the following:

```bash
npm install @hope-ui/core @stitches/core clsx
```

```bash
yarn add @hope-ui/core @stitches/core clsx
```

```bash
pnpm add @hope-ui/core @stitches/core clsx
```

Wrap your application's root component with `HopeProvider`:

```tsx
import { HopeProvider } from "@hope-ui/core";

function Demo() {
  return (
    <HopeProvider>
      <App />
    </HopeProvider>
  );
}
```

Now you can use Hope UI components in your application.

```tsx
import { Button } from "@hope-ui/core";

function App() {
  return <Button>Button</Button>;
}
```

### Dependencies explanation

- `@hope-ui/core` - The core Hope UI library containing components and style engine.
- `@stitches/core` - The CSS-in-JS library used internally by Hope UI.
- `clsx` - An utility for constructing className strings conditionally.

## Usage with Solid Start

<Callout type="warning">
  <span>
    Hope UI has been tested with `solid-js@1.5.7` and `solid-start@0.1.3`. Compatibility with other
    versions is not guaranteed.
  </span>
</Callout>

If you are using [Solid Start](https://github.com/solidjs/solid-start) you will need to add the `ssr` setting to your `vite.config.ts`:

```ts {7-9}
// vite.config.ts

import solid from "solid-start/vite";
import { defineConfig } from "vite";

export default defineConfig({
  plugins: [solid()],
  ssr: {
    noExternal: ["@hope-ui/core", "@hope-ui/styles"],
  },
});
```

Then update your application `root.tsx` like below:

```tsx {2, 17,27,28,36}
// root.tsx

import { ColorModeScript, HopeProvider, injectCriticalStyle } from "@hope-ui/core";
import { Suspense } from "solid-js";
import {
  Body,
  ErrorBoundary,
  FileRoutes,
  Head,
  Html,
  Meta,
  Routes,
  Scripts,
  Title,
} from "solid-start";

export default function Root() {
  injectCriticalStyle();

  return (
    <Html lang="en">
      <Head>
        <Title>SolidStart - Bare</Title>
        <Meta charset="utf-8" />
        <Meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1" />
      </Head>
      <Body>
        <ColorModeScript />
        <HopeProvider>
          <Suspense>
            <ErrorBoundary>
              <Routes>
                <FileRoutes />
              </Routes>
            </ErrorBoundary>
          </Suspense>
        </HopeProvider>
        <Scripts />
      </Body>
    </Html>
  );
}
```

- `injectCriticalStyle` - inject all critical style during server-side rendering.
- `ColorModeScript` - avoid color mode flash issue during server-side rendering.
- `HopeProvider` - provide context and theme for all Hope UI components.

Commit message:

fix(core): color mode storage sync

apps/docs/src/routes/docs/introduction/getting-started.mdx, after:

import { Callout } from "~/components/callout";

# Getting started

## Installation

Install Hope UI dependencies by running either of the following:

```bash
npm install @hope-ui/core @stitches/core clsx
```

```bash
yarn add @hope-ui/core @stitches/core clsx
```

```bash
pnpm add @hope-ui/core @stitches/core clsx
```

Wrap your application's root component with `HopeProvider`:

```tsx
import { HopeProvider } from "@hope-ui/core";

function Demo() {
  return (
    <HopeProvider>
      <App />
    </HopeProvider>
  );
}
```

Now you can use Hope UI components in your application.

```tsx
import { Button } from "@hope-ui/core";

function App() {
  return <Button>Button</Button>;
}
```

### Dependencies explanation

- `@hope-ui/core` - The core Hope UI library containing components and style engine.
- `@stitches/core` - The CSS-in-JS library used internally by Hope UI.
- `clsx` - An utility for constructing className strings conditionally.

## Usage with Solid Start

<Callout type="warning">
  <span>
    Hope UI has been tested with `solid-js@1.5.7` and `solid-start@0.1.3`. Compatibility with other
    versions is not guaranteed.
  </span>
</Callout>

If you are using [Solid Start](https://github.com/solidjs/solid-start) you will need to add the `ssr` setting to your `vite.config.ts`:

```ts {7-9}
// vite.config.ts

import solid from "solid-start/vite";
import { defineConfig } from "vite";

export default defineConfig({
  plugins: [solid()],
  ssr: {
    noExternal: ["@hope-ui/core", "@hope-ui/styles"],
  },
});
```

Then update your application `root.tsx` like below:

```tsx {2, 17,27,28,36}
// root.tsx

import { ColorModeScript, HopeProvider, injectCriticalStyle } from "@hope-ui/core";
import { Suspense } from "solid-js";
import {
  Body,
  ErrorBoundary,
  FileRoutes,
  Head,
  Html,
  Meta,
  Routes,
  Scripts,
  Title,
} from "solid-start";

export default function Root() {
  injectCriticalStyle();

  return (
    <Html lang="en">
      <Head>
        <Title>SolidStart - Bare</Title>
        <Meta charset="utf-8" />
        <Meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1" />
      </Head>
      <Body>
        <ColorModeScript />
        <HopeProvider>
          <Suspense>
            <ErrorBoundary>
              <Routes>
                <FileRoutes />
              </Routes>
            </ErrorBoundary>
          </Suspense>
        </HopeProvider>
        <Scripts />
      </Body>
    </Html>
  );
}
```

- `injectCriticalStyle` - Inject all critical style to the `head` during server-side rendering.
- `ColorModeScript` - Ensures that the color mode storage sync works properly.
- `HopeProvider` - Provide context and theme for all Hope UI components.
