README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://hope-ui.com">
    <img
      alt="Hope UI | The SolidJS component library you've hoped for."
      src="./assets/banner.jpg" 
    />
  </a>
</p>

<h1 align="center">The SolidJS component library you've hoped for</h1>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://lgtm.com/projects/g/fabien-ml/hope-ui/context:javascript">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/lgtm/grade/javascript/g/fabien-ml/hope-ui.svg?logo=lgtm&logoWidth=18" alt="Language grade: JavaScript"/>
  </a>
  <a href="LICENSE.md">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/fabien-ml/hope-ui" alt="MIT License"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@hope-ui/solid">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@hope-ui/solid" alt="npm - @hope-ui/solid"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@hope-ui/solid">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/@hope-ui/solid.svg" alt="npm - downloads" height="18">
  </a>
</p>

Hope UI is a composable and accessible component library that gives you the foundation to build your next SolidJS application.

# ⚠️ WARNING ⚠️

This project is not ready for production, use at your own risk.

## Why use Hope UI ?

- **Ready to go**: Start your project with over 40 well designed SolidJS components.
- **Composable**: Compose your UI with reusable building blocks.
- **Accessible**: Hope UI follows WAI-ARIA standards, helping you to reach the largest audience possible with less effort.
- **Themeable**: Use Hope UI's design system or customize it using the theming features.
- **Dark mode**: Add dark mode support to your app with just a few lines of code. All components are built with dark mode in mind.

## Documentation

For full documentation, visit [hope-ui.com](https://hope-ui.com/).

## Acknowledgment

This project is inspired by :

- [Chakra UI](https://chakra-ui.com/)
- [Mantine](https://mantine.dev/)

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

Commit message:

chore: add message about v1.0 prereleases

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://hope-ui.com">
    <img
      alt="Hope UI | The SolidJS component library you've hoped for."
      src="./assets/banner.jpg" 
    />
  </a>
</p>

<h1 align="center">The SolidJS component library you've hoped for</h1>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://lgtm.com/projects/g/fabien-ml/hope-ui/context:javascript">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/lgtm/grade/javascript/g/fabien-ml/hope-ui.svg?logo=lgtm&logoWidth=18" alt="Language grade: JavaScript"/>
  </a>
  <a href="LICENSE.md">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/fabien-ml/hope-ui" alt="MIT License"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@hope-ui/solid">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@hope-ui/solid" alt="npm - @hope-ui/solid"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@hope-ui/solid">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/@hope-ui/solid.svg" alt="npm - downloads" height="18">
  </a>
</p>

Hope UI is a composable and accessible component library that gives you the foundation to build your next SolidJS application.

# ⚠️ WARNING ⚠️

Hope UI is in a rewrite process, focus will be on the next major version (`v1.0`) and no new feature will be added to `v0.x`.

If you want to try the `1.0` prereleases learn more at [next.hope-ui.com](https://next.hope-ui.com).

This project is not ready for production, use at your own risk.

## Why use Hope UI ?

- **Ready to go**: Start your project with over 40 well designed SolidJS components.
- **Composable**: Compose your UI with reusable building blocks.
- **Accessible**: Hope UI follows WAI-ARIA standards, helping you to reach the largest audience possible with less effort.
- **Themeable**: Use Hope UI's design system or customize it using the theming features.
- **Dark mode**: Add dark mode support to your app with just a few lines of code. All components are built with dark mode in mind.

## Documentation

For full documentation, visit [hope-ui.com](https://hope-ui.com/).

## Acknowledgment

This project is inspired by :

- [Chakra UI](https://chakra-ui.com/)
- [Mantine](https://mantine.dev/)

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.
